feat: piano project (#43364)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-piano/part-005.md

---
id: 612e804c54d5e7308d7ebe56
title: Part 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-5
---

# --description--

Within your `.keys` element, add seven `div` elements. Give them all the class `key`.

# --hints--

You should create seven new `div` elements.

```js
const divDivDiv = document.querySelectorAll('div');
assert(divDivDiv?.length === 9);
```

Your seven new `div` elements should be within your `.keys` element.

```js
const keys = document.querySelector('.keys');
assert([...keys?.children].length === 7);

> assert([...keys?.children].every(child => child.tagName === 'DIV'));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert([...keys?.children].every(child => child?.tagName === 'DIV'));
```

```

Your seven new `div` elements should all have the `class` set to `key`.

```js
const keys = document.querySelector('.keys');

> assert([...keys?.children].every(child => child.classList.contains('key')));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert([...keys?.children].every(child => child?.classList?.contains('key')));
```

---
id: 612e783368153d2061d57c05
title: Part 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-5
---

# --description--

> You also need to specify the character encoding for the HTML. Add a `meta` tag above your `title` element. On that new tag, set the `charset` attribute to `UTF-8`.

Reviewer: Another place, I would be less specific in the instructions:
```suggestion
Add a `meta` tag to specify an accepted `charset` for the page.
```

The hints should do the work

# --hints--

You should add a new `meta` element.

```js
const metas = document.querySelectorAll('meta');
assert(metas?.length === 2);
```

> Your new `meta` element should come before your `title` element.

Reviewer: Whilst most common, and there is a reason for the placement of the `meta`, I worry we will get feedback like:
> I put my `meta` in a perfectly acceptable place (below the title), but it fails the test...
